>> Recognizing what's in an image is the essence of computer vision.
When we look at the world through our own eyes,
we're constantly performing classification tasks with our brain.
>> That's right.
And in the case of self-driving cars, reliable object detection and
classification are essential to giving the car to see the world just like we
do.
In this lesson, your goals to learn how to identify vehicles in images but
it doesn't end there.
You'll need to come up with the methods for separating false positives from
real detections and in track the real detections from one frame to the next.
So Arpan, where would you like to begin?
>> Well, like any good machine learning problem,
it all begins with feature extraction.
So, first we'll look at how to compute features that
we can use to reliably identify cars in our images.